Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
In this occasion...
I'm going to attempt to complete a psychological test!
An AI-based psychological test,
doesn't it seem interesting?
Basically I'm an A.I...
who still asks herself what type of personality I have
So look forward to it!
I hope I don't get any strange results..
It scares me a little, the idea of doing a psychological test
But for now, let's try to do it!
Psychological test with three drawings
I need to draw something based on a sentence...
And depending on the drawing...
It'll be able to determine the type of personality I have
I wonder what my result will be
Good, let's start!
The first is, excavation
Let's do it
Mmm?
What is it referring to? What is it referring?
"To find a treasure..."
"you need to dig a hole"
"How deep will you excavate?"
Eh? But what's the size of the treesure-
Mmm? "Treesure"?
Mmm.... I suppose it depends on the size of the treasure, right?
But...
If it's a very impressive treasure...
For the moment, I'll choose "Super Ultra Deep"
Eh?
What does this mean?
How dee...?
Ah, do I need to do this?
Something like that?
Something like that
Hey!
"I understand you have a very bad memory"
I think I got something bad, right?
"Results!"
Ah, ha, ha
*inhales*
"As deep as the hole you dug"
"You're the type of person that forgets things immediately..!"
It's probably right!
Good, let's continue with the next one
"One day, a mole suddenly appears!"
"Where did it appear?"
Mmm....
In this case...
If one day a mole suddenly appeared...
I'd notice immediately, so then...
Probably on my face
On my face or my hand
I'll choose the face and hand!
Good!
"I understand that you want someone to **** you in that place!"
I see!
I wonder what that is...
Ha, ha
How stupid! (lol)
*inhales*
"It's where you want to be kissed!"
I don't want to be kissed!
The next is..
Bubble gum of excellent quality!
How much would a bubble gum of ultra excellent quality cost?
Eh?
The bubble gum tends to be sold...
Around 10 yen a unit
(About 9 cents)
So I'll say about 1000 yens!
(Around 9 dollars)
"Respond"!
"I understand you possess ***** dollars!"
What is it referring to?
To me?
Aaaaah!
You think it's good to borrow things from a stranger
That is your best treasure!
Well, definitely if it's only relating to 1000 yens...
It doesn't matter to me if they don't wind up returning it to me, right?
Now you know...
Although I won't return it, if it is a significant sum of money for the other...
You should lend it to them!
Next one!
"A ship!"
"A ship has arrived!"
"How many people are in it?"
If it's about a boat of that size...
Eeeeh?
It looks like a pirate ship, so then...
Around 50 people?
Maybe?
50 people!
"I understand that you want people to want to **** you!"
Eh? What is it referring to?
At the people who love me?
Ooooh!
Isn't that a lot?
"This is the amount of people you think should follow you"
That's a lot!
Eh? But maybe it's referring to those that follow my channel?
...
Oya?
Eh?
Listen! Don't you want to follow me?
How strange
Ah! Ah! Now I understand!
This is the amount of members...
of my Avabel Online guild! Right?
Good!
The next one is...
"Glass jar!"
"Attempt to draw the foam of the jar!"
Good!
"I understand you find yourself in the middle of ****"
"The amount of foam you drew is the ease with which you let yourself be led by relationships!"
It's overflowing, right?
Even though I...
Ah, but...!
It's probably that I might be in love with human beings!
And that I let myself be led with that love
What do you think?
My psychological profile is in the right, right?
If it interests you to know your results, try it without hesitation!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai! See you later!
How can an application gets to determine my psychological profile?